README.md, before:

# JMIX Plugin Addon

The JMIX Plugin Addon allows you to write your own plugins for JMIX that are not anchored in the source code, but are
injected via PF4J.

The addon allows you to load/unload and deactivate plugins.

## Installation

1. Add Maven Dependencies to your `build.gradle`.
    ```groovy
    implementation 'de.bytestore:plugin'
    implementation 'de.bytestore:plugin-starter' 
    ```
2. Add `xmlns:app="http://byte-store.de/schema/app-ui-components"` to your View Descriptor.

## Features

### Plugin Auto-loading

To disable Plugin Auto-loading, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

You than can control the loading via the `PluginService`.

```properties
plugins.autoload=false
```

### Change Plugin Directory

To change Plugin Directory, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

```properties
plugins.home=./test/plugins
```

### Semantic Version Check

To disable globally semantic version checking, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

This will hide the required Field in the List UI and disables Version checking via PF4J.

```properties
plugins.version.check=false
```

### Exact Version Check

To enable exact version checks, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

```properties
plugins.version.exact=true
```

## Screenshots

![List View](assets/img/list-view.png)

![Detail View](assets/img/detail-view.png)

Shield: [![CC BY-NC 4.0][cc-by-nc-shield]][cc-by-nc]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc].

[![CC BY-NC 4.0][cc-by-nc-image]][cc-by-nc]

[cc-by-nc]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

[cc-by-nc-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc/4.0/88x31.png

[cc-by-nc-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Commit message:

Add links and features section to README.md
Updated the README.md to include hyperlinks for JMIX and PF4J for better clarity. Added a detailed features section outlining plugin and version management capabilities, as well as development mode support.

README.md, after:

# JMIX Plugin Addon

The JMIX Plugin Addon allows you to write your own plugins for [JMIX](https://jmix.io/) that are not anchored in the source code, but are
injected via [PF4J](https://pf4j.org/).

The addon allows you to load/unload and deactivate plugins.

## Installation

1. Add Maven Dependencies to your `build.gradle`.
    ```groovy
    implementation 'de.bytestore:plugin'
    implementation 'de.bytestore:plugin-starter' 
    ```
2. Add `xmlns:app="http://byte-store.de/schema/app-ui-components"` to your View Descriptor.

## Features

- Plugin Management (Disable/Enable/Start/Stop/Delete/Download)
- Version Management (Semver)
- Plugin [Development Mode](https://pf4j.org/doc/development-mode.html) (Load Modules from Sourcecode and not JAR Archive)

### Plugin Auto-loading

To disable Plugin Auto-loading, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

You than can control the loading via the `PluginService`.

```properties
plugins.autoload=false
```

### Change Plugin Directory

To change Plugin Directory, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

```properties
plugins.home=./test/plugins
```

### Semantic Version Check

To disable globally semantic version checking, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

This will hide the required Field in the List UI and disables Version checking via PF4J.

```properties
plugins.version.check=false
```

### Exact Version Check

To enable exact version checks, you need to add this line to your `application.properties`.

```properties
plugins.version.exact=true
```

## Screenshots

![List View](assets/img/list-view.png)

![Detail View](assets/img/detail-view.png)

Shield: [![CC BY-NC 4.0][cc-by-nc-shield]][cc-by-nc]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc].

[![CC BY-NC 4.0][cc-by-nc-image]][cc-by-nc]

[cc-by-nc]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/

[cc-by-nc-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc/4.0/88x31.png

[cc-by-nc-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC%204.0-lightgrey.svg
